I know. I'm coming.
Aunt Yun, can you help me tidy my hair?
I was your midwife when you had your daughter
He has a butterfly birthmark behind his ear
All right?
I'm too late for the operation, I'm leaving first.
When love
Is he me?
Suzaku
I doubt it.
That's my daughter.
Come quickly
Brother Ming heard that you owe a lot of money outside
But I can help you pay
Really, honey?
You are so kind to me.
That's 400,000
But
Didn't you get killed by the legendary War Spirit?
Now everyone is avoiding you
If you really have the money
You won't come and wait for me
I don't have any money.
But I can help you make money.
This is the Burma Group.
The contact information of the fraud boss
A person 5 million
We are half each
Aren't you Shi Qi'an's boyfriend?
You could easily fool him out.
We'll sell him then.
Don't you have money to pay off your debts?
But Shiqi'an is very nice to me
Even when I was taking the postgraduate entrance examination, he funded me
Now I do this, don't I?
Brother Ming's creditors are all vicious
Are you sure you want to hesitate?
Besides, there are no herbs anywhere in the world
OK, I'll contact them later.
Stonefish, you make me unable to stay in the sea market
Then I can only operate on your daughter